#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.8.0
    # via
    #   flask-migrate
    #   sqlalchemy-unchained
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
apispec[yaml]==4.7.1
    # via
    #   apispec-webframeworks
    #   flask-unchained
apispec-webframeworks==0.5.2
    # via flask-unchained
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
arrow==1.2.2
    # via jinja2-time
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==21.4.0
    # via aiohttp
babel==2.10.3
    # via flask-babelex
bcrypt==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-unchained
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via flask-unchained
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-unchained
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via flask-session
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
celery==5.2.7
    # via flask-unchained
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.0.0
    # via pdfquery
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   distributed
    #   flask
    #   flask-unchained
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
cloudpickle==2.1.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   pystore
cramjam==2.5.0
    # via fastparquet
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via pdfminer-six
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pdfquery
    #   pyquery
dask[dataframe]==2022.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   pystore
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
dill==0.3.5.1
    # via flask-unchained
distributed==2022.7.0
    # via pystore
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==1.2.1
    # via flask-unchained
exchange-calendars==4.1.1
    # via pandas-market-calendars
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via flask-unchained
faker==13.15.0
    # via
    #   factory-boy
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
fastparquet==0.8.1
    # via pystore
flask==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-babelex
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-unchained
    #   flask-wtf
flask-babelex==0.9.4
    # via flask-unchained
flask-login==0.6.1
    # via flask-unchained
flask-marshmallow==0.14.0
    # via flask-unchained
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via flask-unchained
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via flask-unchained
flask-session==0.4.0
    # via flask-unchained
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy-unchained
flask-sqlalchemy-unchained==0.7.6
    # via flask-unchained
flask-unchained[api,celery,mail,security,session,sqlalchemy]==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-wtf==1.0.1
    # via flask-unchained
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2022.5.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   fastparquet
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.47.0
    # via pymarketstore
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
heapdict==1.0.1
    # via zict
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-unchained
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   flask
    #   flask-babelex
    #   jinja2-time
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
jinja2-time==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
korean-lunar-calendar==0.2.1
    # via exchange-calendars
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   flask-unchained
    #   pdfquery
    #   pyquery
mako==1.2.1
    # via alembic
markdown==3.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.17.0
    # via
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-unchained
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.28.0
    # via flask-unchained
msgpack==1.0.4
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   pymarketstore
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multitasking==0.0.11
    # via pystore
networkx==2.8.4
    # via
    #   flask-unchained
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
numpy==1.23.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   exchange-calendars
    #   fastparquet
    #   pandas
    #   pymarketstore
    #   pystore
    #   ta-lib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   marshmallow
    #   redis
pandas==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   exchange-calendars
    #   fastparquet
    #   pandas-market-calendars
    #   pymarketstore
    #   pystore
pandas-market-calendars==3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
partd==1.2.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   pystore
passlib==1.7.4
    # via flask-unchained
pdfminer-six==20220524
    # via pdfquery
pdfquery==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.30
    # via click-repl
protobuf==4.21.2
    # via pymarketstore
psutil==5.9.1
    # via distributed
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
py-meta-utils==0.7.8
    # via
    #   flask-unchained
    #   sqlalchemy-unchained
py-yaml-fixtures==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyluach==2.0.0
    # via exchange-calendars
pymarketstore==0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via pdfquery
pystore==0.1.23
    # via -r requirements.in
pyterminalsize==0.1.0
    # via flask-unchained
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   exchange-calendars
    #   faker
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-market-calendars
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
python-frontmatter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-snappy==0.6.1
    # via pystore
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   exchange-calendars
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-market-calendars
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   apispec
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
    #   python-frontmatter
redis==4.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymarketstore
roman==3.3
    # via pdfquery
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   grpcio
    #   pymarketstore
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
speaklater==1.3
    # via flask-babelex
sqlalchemy==1.4.39
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-unchained
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-unchained
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
sqlalchemy-unchained==0.12.2
    # via
    #   flask-sqlalchemy-unchained
    #   flask-unchained
ta-lib==0.4.24
    # via -r requirements.in
tblib==1.7.0
    # via distributed
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   exchange-calendars
    #   partd
    #   pystore
tornado==6.1
    # via distributed
tzdata==2022.1
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.10
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   pymarketstore
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via pymarketstore
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-unchained
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-unchained
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
wtforms-sqlalchemy==0.3
    # via flask-unchained
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zict==2.2.0
    # via distributed

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
